Readme.md - Added a description of how to launch demos on Mac OS (#3068)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: README.md

1. Open the `NetCoreDemos/DevExtreme.NETCore.Demos.sln` or `MVCDemos/DevExtreme.MVC.Demos.sln` project in Visual Studio and add or edit demos there.

## Launch .NET Demos on Mac OS

> > **_NOTE:_** You will need [parallels](https://www.parallels.com) and [Visual studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com) installed in parallels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** Install [Parallels](https://www.parallels.com) and [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com) in Parallels.
```

> 1. Clone the current repo and [devextreme-aspnet](https://github.com/DevExpress/devextreme-aspnet) to local folder in parallels Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the current repo and [devextreme-aspnet](https://github.com/DevExpress/devextreme-aspnet) to a local folder in Parallels Windows.
```

> > **_NOTE:_** **Don't clone on Mac OS file system.** The virtual machine works with Mac OS a file system like a network drive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** **Avoid cloning on the Mac OS file system.** The virtual machine treats it like a network drive.
```

> 2. Open the `repository.config.json` file, set the `devextreme-aspnet` property to the path where your clone of the `devextreme-aspnet` repository is located, and set the `devextreme` property to the path DevExtreme repo if you want to use local devextreme dist. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open the `repository.config.json` file. Set the `devextreme-aspnet` property to the path of your cloned `devextreme-aspnet` repository. Set the `devextreme` property to the DevExtreme repository path if you want to use local DevExtreme distribution. For example:
```

    ```json
    {
      "devextreme": "C:/Work/DevExtreme",
      "devextreme-aspnet": "C:/Work/devextreme-aspnet"
    }
    ```

> 3. Prepare ASP.NET demos for launch and development. Run this command in the `devextreme-demos` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Prepare ASP.NET demos for launch and development. Run this command in the `devextreme-demos` repository:
```

    ```
    npm run prepare-all
    ```

>     For this, you need .NET Framework 4.5.2 installed on your device. You can download a full Developer Pack here: [.NET 4.5.2 Developer Pack Installer](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet-framework/thank-you/net452-developer-pack-offline-installer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Ensure you have .NET Framework 4.5.2 installed on your device. You can download the full Developer Pack here: [.NET 4.5.2 Developer Pack Installer](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet-framework/thank-you/net452-developer-pack-offline-installer).
```

### Launch .NET core Demos

> > **_NOTE:_** IIS express supported only .NET 7 on ARM architecture. **Therefore, you can't launch demos using Visual Studio.** The only way to launch demos on ARM architecture is [Kestrel web server](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/servers/kestrel?view=aspnetcore-8.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** IIS express supports only .NET 7 on ARM architecture. **Therefore, you cannot launch demos using Visual Studio.** To run demos on ARM, utilize the [Kestrel web server](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/servers/kestrel?view=aspnetcore-8.0).
```

> 1. In folder ```\devextreme-demos\NetCoreDemos\``` execute command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Execute the following command in the ```\devextreme-demos\NetCoreDemos\``` folder:
```

```
dotnet run --urls=http://localhost:5001/
```

> > **_NOTE:_** ```--urls``` can have any url value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** ```--urls``` can have any url value.
```

### Launch .Net MVC Demos

> IIS supported on ARM architecture, so you can launch demos using Visual Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IIS supports the ARM architecture, so you can launch demos using Visual Studio.
```

> ## Possible problems you will encounter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Possible Problems You May Encounter
```

> ### Problem - .NET Core demos doesn't pick up the latest devextreme sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### .NET Core demos do not pick up the latest devextreme sources
```

> > **Solution:_** Clear local Nuget cache. Remove folder ```Windows:\Users\{username}\.nuget\packages\devextreme.aspnet.core```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Solution:_** Clear local Nuget cache. Remove the ```Windows:\Users\{username}\.nuget\packages\devextreme.aspnet.core``` folder.
```
